doc: Integrate Governance, Code of Conduct and C++ Tutorial into Starlight (#21646)
RIOT-OS/RIOT: doc/doxygen/src/using-cpp.md

Using C++ in RIOT    {#using-cpp}
==================

@deprecated Guides have moved to the [Guide Site](https://guide.riot-os.org/).

> This page will be removed after release Hello Reviewer, I don't actually know what to put her

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page will be removed after release 2026.04.
```

I think we're too close to release 2025.10 to remove it in a month.
